---
sidebar_position: 14
title: Staking Rewards and Rewards Boosting
---

Staking, both flexible and fixed terms, plays a vital role in the LIRA DAO ecosystem. By locking up their Treasury Bond (TB) tokens, users contribute to the security and stability of the network while earning attractive rewards. Unlike liquidity pools, staking TB tokens eliminates the risk of impermanent loss, making it a compelling option for users seeking a safe and reliable way to generate passive income.


### Maximizing Yields: The Rewards Boosting System
The LIRA DAO Ecosystem offers an innovative Rewards Boosting System designed to incentivize active participation and maximize user yields. By strategically combining TB token staking with LDT token staking, users can significantly enhance their Annual Percentage Yield (APY). Here's how it works:

**Staking LDT Tokens for a Boost:** Users can stake a portion of their LDT tokens alongside their TB tokens to unlock a higher APY on their TB staking rewards. The maximum amount of LDT tokens that can be staked for the boost is capped at 50% of the total value of the staked TB tokens.

**Boosting Potential:** The Rewards Boosting System offers a tiered structure, with the maximum achievable boost reaching up to 100% of the base APY on TB staking. For instance, if the base APY for staking TB tokens is 15%, users who leverage the maximum LDT staking boost can potentially earn an impressive 30% APY on their TB holdings.

**Benefits of the Rewards Boosting System:**
Increased APY: The Rewards Boosting System empowers users to significantly amplify their earnings on TB token staking.
Flexibility: Users can choose to participate in flexible or fixed staking terms for both TB and LDT tokens, allowing them to tailor their strategy to their risk tolerance and investment goals.
Security: Staking TB tokens eliminates impermanent loss, a common risk associated with liquidity pools.
Network Stability: By incentivizing TB staking, the Rewards Boosting System contributes to the overall security and stability of the LIRA DAO network.

---

*The LIRA DAO Ecosystem's Staking and Rewards Boosting System offers a secure and rewarding experience for users. By strategically combining TB and LDT token staking, users can unlock attractive APYs and contribute to the health of the LIRA DAO ecosystem. This innovative approach fosters active participation and empowers users to generate passive income while mitigating risks.*
